this is captain
max cloud do you read over
[Music]
okay then who wants the first dance
max cloud is here
uh dad playing those damn games
all day every day
okay so keep it together is this real
can i touch you
pull yourself together soldier we don't
have time for this what
beer is not near cowboy is here
i'm pretty sure i'm in the game i'm kind
of freaking out right now
so i'll look out
good work soldier that's
true violence
sarah can you hear me shouting
literally no one was shouting
the game you might actually have a
chance of getting out of here
the fate of the universe lies in the
hands of max
cloud did i say the universe again you
were fantastic
[Music]